[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com/

[OpenMRS.coreapps-module]
source_file = api/src/main/resources/messages.properties
source_lang = en
trans.fr = api/src/main/resources/messages_fr.properties
trans.ht = api/src/main/resources/messages_ht.properties
trans.pt = api/src/main/resources/messages_pt.properties
trans.de = api/src/main/resources/messages_de.properties
trans.el = api/src/main/resources/messages_el.properties
trans.it = api/src/main/resources/messages_it.properties
trans.ar = api/src/main/resources/messages_ar.properties
trans.en_US = api/src/main/resources/messages_en_US.properties
trans.es = api/src/main/resources/messages_es.properties
trans.ps = api/src/main/resources/messages_ps.properties
trans.id_ID = api/src/main/resources/messages_id_ID.properties
trans.lt = api/src/main/resources/messages_lt.properties
trans.te = api/src/main/resources/messages_te.properties
trans.pt_BR = api/src/main/resources/messages_pt_BR.properties
trans.ru = api/src/main/resources/messages_ru.properties
trans.hr = api/src/main/resources/messages_hr.properties
trans.fa = api/src/main/resources/messages_fa.properties
trans.hi = api/src/main/resources/messages_hi.properties
trans.tr_TR = api/src/main/resources/messages_tr_TR.properties
trans.zh_CN = api/src/main/resources/messages_zh_CN.properties
trans.sw = api/src/main/resources/messages_sw.properties
trans.km = api/src/main/resources/messages_km.properties
trans.si = api/src/main/resources/messages_si.properties
trans.pl = api/src/main/resources/messages_pl.properties
